SLIDE 1: 

Hello, we are Runtime Terror, and this is our second project progress video log.


SLIDE 2: 

Our team members:
Jiaan Wilson nie; responsible for Frontend, Backend, and the Machine Learning model.
Allan Wambold; responsible for the Machine Learning Model
Ali Rizvi; Responsible for the Frontend, and Backend development.
Sopuruchukwu Ugwuonah; Responsible for the Frontend and Backend development.


SLIDE 3:

Project Overview - 
A quick reminder of what we're trying to accomplish:	
	
	What if there was an easy way to have your images automatically sorted and labeld for you?
	
	We intend to build a web service that will identify landmarks in images, and use this 
	information to sort your photo albums for you.

	
SLIDE 4:

Why are we doing this?
Simply put: manually organizing photos can be a painfully tedious process.
We envision our solution to be a simple to use, automatic organizer for photos. We intend to 
use landmarks in the photos to label images, and create a folder structure 
that is easy to maneuver and find what you're looking for.

SLIDE 5:

Who are we building this for? We think that this would mostly be useful for people that have a lot 
of photos from exciting places; someone who travels or vacations a lot.

SLIDE 6:

As with every project, there are associated assumptions and risks.
These risks and assumptions haven't changed since our last Vlog

SLIDE 7:

Where are we at in our project?
	We've initiated our project with a problem description, stakeholders, and solution.
	We've planned our project using user stories, and empathy mapping.
	We've built a functioning frontend and backend skeleton capable of communicating with one another.
	And now, we're moving on to designing and planning our functionality by implementing the prototypes and
	beginning work on creating a model that can label images for use in sorting.

We'll go into more detail on this later in the presentation.
	
SLIDE 8:

We've designed a new hi-fidelity prototype based on feedback to model a mobile version of our application.
It has the same core functionality and features of our other prototypes, simply designed for mobile.


SLIDE 9:

Technology choices:


SLIDE 10:

demo frontend & backend

SLIDE 11:

Results -  a brief overview of everything we've discussed.

SLIDE 12:

reflection:
*read slide*


